
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.187431                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                187430837500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               187430837500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 357792                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   357792                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1097661695                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 666704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   170.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61094659                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      61094659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         123824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data        5410384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5534208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       123824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        123824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks       503728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          503728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            7739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data          338149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              345888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks        31483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              31483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            660638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data          28866029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              29526667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       660638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           660638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        2687541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2687541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        2687541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           660638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data         28866029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32214208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     23960.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7739.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    333637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.008517790500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds         1351                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds         1351                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              752406                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState              22786                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      345888                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      31483                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    345888                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    31483                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               21848064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  288768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1531712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 5534208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               503728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   4512                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  7523                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             32811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             56340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             59310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             58845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            61237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            41056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              5318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             16358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  187430759500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                345888                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                31483                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  341376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        54699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    427.403792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   260.844807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   369.375198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        14099     25.78%     25.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11300     20.66%     46.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4190      7.66%     54.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3272      5.98%     60.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6280     11.48%     71.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1900      3.47%     75.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1624      2.97%     78.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1233      2.25%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10801     19.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        54699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     252.382679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    253.525005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           551     40.78%     40.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          250     18.50%     59.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          265     19.62%     78.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511          159     11.77%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           60      4.44%     95.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           23      1.70%     96.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           12      0.89%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.37%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      0.59%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            7      0.52%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            4      0.30%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.07%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.15%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.07%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.715026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.699505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.722795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              198     14.66%     14.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.30%     14.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1136     84.09%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.81%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       123824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      5338192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       382928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 660638.354134228313                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28480862.974322460592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2043036.274647174869                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7739                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       338149                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        31483                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    245515000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  13795567000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4487601964000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31724.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     40797.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 142540481.02                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7640282000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             14041082000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1706880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22380.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41130.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       116.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         8.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     29.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   288733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   21872                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     496675.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                216263460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                114931575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               862233540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              119663280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         12971977200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           5148309540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            588552480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     43052443710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     22257852480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       7104405120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            92443855365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            493.215826                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         174591970250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    995879500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    5487300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22215505500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  57963262250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    6355225000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  94413665250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                174323100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 92651130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1575191100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5266980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         10720550880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           4714374240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            523010880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     40366852230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     13935277440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      13673505180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            85792513140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            457.728911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         175704342000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    852625000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    4534920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  50891081750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  36289711750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    6338908750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  88523590250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     21013238                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          9                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 21013247                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     4928581                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 4928592                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     25941819                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         20                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 25941839                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    61094680                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        26                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                61094706                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   239                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        374861675                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    61094659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      61094659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              60434493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41255                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      266608                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9542141                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     60434493                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41255                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            79505961                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           45947431                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                41243                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  22                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      25941839                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    21013247                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4928592                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  374861675                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          10046583                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                305112      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  34747394     56.87%     57.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19467      0.03%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      12      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       8      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       2      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 21094085     34.53%     91.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4887366      8.00%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   6      0.00%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              41227      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   61094679                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            63.998032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            25941819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3709209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              6.993895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            262500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    63.998032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         211243761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        211243761                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     17615838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        17615838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      4480021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4480021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data        55907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        55907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data        80844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        80844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     22095859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         22095859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     22095859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        22095859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      3316556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3316556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       367716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       367716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu.data        24937                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        24937                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      3684272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3684272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      3684272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3684272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69219261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  69219261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6044159000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6044159000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326012000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    326012000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75263420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75263420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75263420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75263420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     20932394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20932394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4847737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4847737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        80844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80844                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        80844                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     25780131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     25780131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     25780131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     25780131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.075853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308458                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.308458                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.142911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.142911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.142911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.142911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20870.825338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20870.825338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16437.030208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16437.030208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 13073.425031                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13073.425031                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20428.301711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20428.301711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20428.301711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20428.301711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      2756088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2756088                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      3316556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3316556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       367716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       367716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24937                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        24937                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      3684272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3684272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      3684272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3684272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  65902705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65902705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5676443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5676443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301075000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    301075000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71579148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  71579148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71579148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  71579148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.075853                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075853                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308458                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308458                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.142911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.142911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19870.825338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19870.825338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15437.030208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15437.030208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 12073.425031                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12073.425031                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19428.301711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19428.301711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19428.301711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19428.301711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                3709145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.988782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            61094680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2329735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             26.223875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   127.988782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.999912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          63424415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         63424415                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     58764945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        58764945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     58764945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         58764945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     58764945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        58764945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2329735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2329735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  30843851500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30843851500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  30843851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  30843851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  30843851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  30843851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     61094680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61094680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     61094680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     61094680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     61094680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     61094680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13239.210254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13239.210254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13239.210254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13239.210254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13239.210254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13239.210254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks      2329607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2329607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2329735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2329735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  28514116500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28514116500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  28514116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28514116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  28514116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28514116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12239.210254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12239.210254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12239.210254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12239.210254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12239.210254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12239.210254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                2329607                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  1023.740963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    12077487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    348767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     34.629099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      16.688123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        95.146863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data       911.905977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.016297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.092917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.890533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 193591903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                193591903                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      2756088                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2756088                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks      2329607                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2329607                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            358700                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                358700                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst        2321996                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2321996                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data       3012360                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3012360                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              2321996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              3371060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5693056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             2321996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             3371060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5693056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            9016                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9016                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             7739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data       329133                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          329133                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               7739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data             338149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 345888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              7739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data            338149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                345888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1358519000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1358519000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    638556000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    638556000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29561760500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  29561760500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    638556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30920279500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      31558835500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    638556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30920279500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     31558835500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      2756088                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2756088                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks      2329607                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2329607                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        367716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            367716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2329735                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3341493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3341493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          3709209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6038944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2329735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3709209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6038944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003322                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.003322                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.098499                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.098499                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.003322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.091165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.057276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.003322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.091165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.057276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 150678.682343                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150678.682343                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82511.435586                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82511.435586                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89817.066353                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89817.066353                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82511.435586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91439.807600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91240.041574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82511.435586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91439.807600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91240.041574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks               31483                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     31483                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          209                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           209                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9016                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9016                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7739                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7739                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       329133                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       329133                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          7739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        338149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            345888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       338149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           345888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1268359000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1268359000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561166000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561166000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26270430500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26270430500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27538789500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28099955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27538789500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28099955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.098499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.057276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.057276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 140678.682343                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140678.682343                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72511.435586                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72511.435586                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79817.066353                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79817.066353                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72511.435586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81439.807600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81240.041574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72511.435586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81439.807600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81240.041574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         347743                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        690746                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       344858                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             336872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           313375                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        336872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1036634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1036634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6037936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6037936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            345888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  345888    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              345888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           722229500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          787283000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     12077696                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6038752                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3094                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3094                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 187430837500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5671228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2787571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2329607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1269317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           367716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          367716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2329735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3341493                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6989077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11127563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              18116640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     74549472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    103444752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              177994224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          347743                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    503728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6386687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000484                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022005                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6383593     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3094      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            6386687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8581695500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2329735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3709209000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
