
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.217756                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                217756146500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               217756146500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 329675                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   329675                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1175039673                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 666728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   185.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61094659                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      61094659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         123760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data        5394544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5518304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       123760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        123760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks       502864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          502864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            7735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data          337159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              344894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks        31429                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              31429                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            568342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data          24773326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              25341668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       568342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           568342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        2309299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2309299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        2309299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           568342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data         24773326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             27650967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     24302.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7735.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    332839.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.004949680500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds         1371                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds         1371                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              756795                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState              23156                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      344894                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      31429                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    344894                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    31429                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               21796736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  276480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1554176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 5518304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               502864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   4320                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  7127                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             56332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             59356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             58944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            61358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            41126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              5337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             16372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  217756068500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                344894                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                31429                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  340574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        58442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    399.546080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   242.353205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   366.920448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15162     25.94%     25.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13938     23.85%     49.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6761     11.57%     61.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3493      5.98%     67.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2473      4.23%     71.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2153      3.68%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2063      3.53%     78.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1829      3.13%     81.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10570     18.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        58442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     248.363968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    158.774327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    250.094644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           575     41.94%     41.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          243     17.72%     59.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          262     19.11%     78.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511          170     12.40%     91.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           51      3.72%     94.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           24      1.75%     96.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           12      0.88%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           14      1.02%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            4      0.29%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.07%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            5      0.36%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      0.29%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.15%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.22%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.712619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.697272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.718256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              200     14.59%     14.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                7      0.51%     15.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1151     83.95%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       123760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      5325424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       388544                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 568342.166176236933                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24455906.690101169050                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1784307.842718000989                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7735                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       337159                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        31429                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    243399000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14537474500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5184166803500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31467.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     43117.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 164948512.63                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   8395111000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             14780873500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1702870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24649.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43399.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       100.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         7.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     25.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   284395                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   22018                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     578641.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                224745780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                119447625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               854101080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              120936960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         14856463440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           5549015550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            764434080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     46974179370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     27756015840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       9387935400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           106627864515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            489.666382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         203550513750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1419911500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    6284460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  28255828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  72281262250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    6500798500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 103013886250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                192551520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                102339765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1577597280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5825520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         12560783040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           5064756090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            600219840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     49635167370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     14750409600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      15551185800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           100054391265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            459.479068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         205056201750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    980557000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    5313360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  57794357000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  38412539750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    6405986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 108849346750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     21013238                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          9                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 21013247                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     4928581                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 4928592                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     25941819                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         20                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 25941839                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    61094680                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        26                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                61094706                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   239                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        435512293                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    61094659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      61094659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              60434493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41255                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      266608                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9542141                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     60434493                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41255                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            79505961                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           45947431                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                41243                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  22                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      25941839                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    21013247                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4928592                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  435512293                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          10046583                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                305112      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  34747394     56.87%     57.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19467      0.03%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      12      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       8      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       2      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 21094085     34.53%     91.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4887366      8.00%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   6      0.00%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              41227      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   61094679                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.987146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            25941819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6177798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.199202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            262500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   127.987146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          32119617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         32119617                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     16474457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        16474457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      3153229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        3153229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data        55491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        55491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data        80844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        80844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     19627686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19627686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     19627686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19627686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      4457937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4457937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1694508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1694508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu.data        25353                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        25353                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      6152445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        6152445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      6152445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6152445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  84764701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84764701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23289723000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23289723000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331179000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    331179000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108054424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108054424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108054424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108054424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     20932394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20932394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4847737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4847737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        80844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80844                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        80844                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     25780131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     25780131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     25780131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     25780131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.212968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.349546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.349546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.313604                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.313604                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.238651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.238651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19014.333536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19014.333536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 13744.239036                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13744.239036                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 13062.714472                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13062.714472                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17562.842740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17562.842740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17562.842740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17562.842740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      3619888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3619888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4457937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4457937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1694508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1694508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25353                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        25353                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      6152445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6152445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      6152445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6152445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  80306764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  80306764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21595215000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21595215000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305826000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305826000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101901979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 101901979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101901979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 101901979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.349546                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349546                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.313604                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313604                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18014.333536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18014.333536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 12744.239036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12744.239036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 12062.714472                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12062.714472                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16562.842740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16562.842740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16562.842740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16562.842740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                6177670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.990337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            61094680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2329735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             26.223875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   127.990337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          63424415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         63424415                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     58764945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        58764945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     58764945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         58764945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     58764945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        58764945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2329735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2329735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  30841578500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30841578500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  30841578500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  30841578500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  30841578500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  30841578500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     61094680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61094680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     61094680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     61094680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     61094680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     61094680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13238.234606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13238.234606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13238.234606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13238.234606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13238.234606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13238.234606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks      2329607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2329607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2329735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2329735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  28511843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28511843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  28511843500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28511843500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  28511843500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28511843500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12238.234606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12238.234606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12238.234606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12238.234606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12238.234606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12238.234606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                2329607                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  1023.777003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    17014716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    347700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     48.935047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      19.762272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        82.579294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data       921.435438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.019299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.080644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.899839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          582                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 272584660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                272584660                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      3619888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3619888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks      2329607                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2329607                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data           1685487                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1685487                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst        2322000                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2322000                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data       4155152                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           4155152                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              2322000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              5840639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8162639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             2322000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             5840639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8162639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            9021                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9021                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7735                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             7735                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data       328138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          328138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               7735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data             337159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 344894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              7735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data            337159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                344894                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1355839500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1355839500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    636241000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    636241000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30258559000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  30258559000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    636241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31614398500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      32250639500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    636241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31614398500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     32250639500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      3619888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3619888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks      2329607                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2329607                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1694508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1694508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2329735                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2329735                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4483290                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4483290                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          2329735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          6177798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8507533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2329735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6177798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8507533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003320                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.003320                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073191                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.073191                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.003320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.054576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.040540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.003320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.054576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.040540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 150298.137679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150298.137679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82254.815772                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82254.815772                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92212.907374                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92212.907374                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82254.815772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 93767.031282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93508.844747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82254.815772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 93767.031282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93508.844747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks               31429                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     31429                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           94                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            94                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9021                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9021                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7735                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7735                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       328138                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       328138                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          7735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        337159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            344894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       337159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           344894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1265629500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265629500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    558891000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558891000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26977179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26977179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    558891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28242808500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28801699500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    558891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28242808500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28801699500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.040540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.040540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 140298.137679                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140298.137679                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72254.815772                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72254.815772                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82212.907374                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82212.907374                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72254.815772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83767.031282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83508.844747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72254.815772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83767.031282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83508.844747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         346676                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        688753                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       343859                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             335873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           312430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        335873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1033647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1033647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6021168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6021168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            344894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  344894    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              344894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           720182500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          785582500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17014810                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8507277                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2911                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2911                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 217756146500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6813025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3651317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2329607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2873029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1694508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1694508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2329735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4483290                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6989077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18533266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25522343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     74549472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    156762976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              231312448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          346676                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    502864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8854209                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000329                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.018129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8851298     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2911      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8854209                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11482152500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2329735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6177798000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
